hello welcome to amazing gadgets today I
will be reviewing and showing you the
Nokia DT 900 wireless charger wireless
charging um what is this you might be
asking um a wireless charger will charge
compatible devices wirelessly and this
is the nokia dt 900 it's for the Nokia
Lumia 920 but it will work with any
other devices that support Qi charging
which is a new standard for wireless
charging and this is no longer sci-fi it
is completely possible right now a
wireless charging and it's actually been
it might have been in your home for very
long now I'm including toothbrushes
which is wireless charging and I think
some HP devices in the now no care
devices in the pack actually use this
but this is a new kind its the Nokia DT
900 and it comes with a see where this
12-volt 0.75 amp AC adapter so now let
me just show you the device up close
first off I already showed you already
it's a giant AC adapter plate and big
and some of the other two charges you
find on the market might actually use a
regular USB adapter however this one
since the outputs 12 volts of power
I don't think nokia wants you to confuse
the plug so they actually give you this
special AC cable it's very long right
here I think it's like a meter or
something long and the other ends just
the same kind of plug what you do is you
have to plug the AC adapter into the
wall and this cable in now the other
side I'll actually go into the charging
plate right here
see is that you do that and then the
setups pretty much done so now since I
don't use an Nokia Lumia phone the new
actually uh the new LG Nexus 5 right
here actually does work with Qi charging
- so let me just unlock it off camera
and you can see it is currently not
charging right now so now once I plug it
on here you'll see here that sound that
means it's charging and it's charging
wirelessly now what I found this device
to be charging wirelessly my android
phone
it does take three hours on a wireless
charger but on the normal stock charge
it only takes two hours and I find it
very useful because um you know I like
to check my email at night before I go
to bed so this is a discharging play
right here it's very easy to find in a
dark instead of trying to get a USB
cable one so I just put it down and
actually it will actually give a pretty
good feedback
this right here is you can see there's
an indicator LED right here telling you
that it's charging now on a regular
Nokia Lumia phone this LED will actually
go out once the phone is done charging
but because this is an Android phone
nada Nokia Lumia the LED will stay on so
that means the device won't stop
charging even though it's full so it
will still give power to the device but
it won't damage it or anything I just
waste some electricity so after three
hours or you just take it off with a
Nokia phone this LED will go out and
turn off the charger once the batteries
fully charged so all in all this is a
great device in the products this
description I will give you a
link to the product on Amazon but the
thing is you want to shop around I
didn't get this from Amazon yes so I got
it from the AT&T Wireless store why
because they had it on for $25 the other
seller is even on eBay or some other
websites they're selling your for about
30 to 50 dollars so you might want to
shop around try AT&T first that's where
I got mine very fast shipping so overall
I like this device if you want to charge
your compatible cellphones wirelessly
get one yourself this has been amazing
gadgets if you like this video please
don't forget to Like subscribe and
comment and I will guys see you guys in
the next video